I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing? In case they get a hole in one!
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common? They're both Paris sites.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.
Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
Why do seagulls fly over the ocean? Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What did one wall say to the other? I'll meet you at the corner.
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you.
A skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Hey, bartender. I'll have one beer and a mop.'
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is!
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn? Where's Pop Corn?
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
What does a sprinter eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!
Where do you learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
What has more letters than the alphabet? The post office!
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut!
What do you call a poor Santa Claus? St. Nickel-less.
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind.
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the boat doc.
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I'm going on ahead.
Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone? Yellow!
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.
What kind of car does an egg drive? A yolkswagen.
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.
How do you make 7 even? Take away the s.
How does a taco say grace? Lettuce pray.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain? It didn't have the guts.
What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum? A meltdown.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What does a bee use to brush its hair? A honeycomb!
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill? Walking. JK! Rowling.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest.
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.
When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef?
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know...
Do you wanna box for your leftovers? No, but I'll wrestle you for them.
That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted.
Shout out to my fingers. I can count on all of them.
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
What country's capital is growing the fastest? Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.
I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a fanta sea.
Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.
A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'
I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate.
I used to play piano by ear. Now I use my hands.
Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist.
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.
I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!
What's the best smelling insect? A deodor-ant.
I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?
I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.
What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street? Traffic jam.
What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A little hoarse.
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
Whenever I try to eat healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.
What does garlic do when it gets hot? It takes its cloves off.
What's a robot's favorite snack? Computer chips.
How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh? Nothing, it's on the house.
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.
What do clouds wear? Thunderwear.
Why are piggy banks so wise? They're filled with common cents.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands.
How do you get a good price on a sled? You have toboggan.
How can you tell if a tree is a dogwood tree? By its bark.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
What do you call a hot dog on wheels? Fast food!
Where do young trees go to learn? Elementree school.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
Can February March? No, but April May!
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
What's an astronaut's favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.
What did the fish say when he hit the wall? Dam.
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.
If you see a crime happen at the Apple store, what does it make you? An iWitness.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
I just watched all the Harry Potter movies back-to-back with a friend. It maybe wasn't the best idea, because it meant I couldn't see the TV.
How does a man on the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
Why did the stadium get so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
What type of bear is toothless? A gummy bear.
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
I slept like a log last night. Woke up in the fireplace.
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, "Sorry we don't serve food here."
What do you call a guy with a rubber toe? Roberto.
What rhymes with boo and stinks? You.
How do you tell the difference between a bull and a milk cow? It is either one or the utter.
I got a hen to regularly count her own eggs. She's a real mathamachicken.
What do you call a donkey with only three legs? A wonkey.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, "Do you know how to drive this thing?"
I'll call you later. "Don't call me later, call me Dad."
Did you hear about the Italian chef who died? He pasta way.
What did the ranch say when someone opened the refrigerator door? "Close the door, I'm dressing."
What did one hat say to the other? "You go on ahead."
I just got hit in the head with a soda can. Thankfully it was a soft drink.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
Where do you learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
What does a pampered cow produce? Spoiled milk.
What do you call a mac 'n' cheese that gets all up in your face? Too close for comfort food.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it.
Why did the old man fall into the well? Because he couldn't see that well.
What do you call a factory that sells passable products? A satisfactory.
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn't see himself doing it.
I just gave my too-weak notice at the gym.
That circus fire was in tents.
I never buy pre-shredded cheese because doing it yourself is grate.
I used to run a dating service for chickens but I was struggling to make hens meet.
I wish COVID-19 had started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
I used to work in a shoe-recycling shop but it was sole destroying.
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home.
I used to play piano by ear but now I use my hands.
I was playing chess with my friend and he said, "Let's make this interesting" so we stopped playing chess.
I'm so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed.
Spring is here and I got so excited I wet my plants.
If towels could tell jokes, I think they'd have a very dry sense of humor.
I spent a lot of time, money, and effort child-proofing my house… but the kids still got in.
My wife said I was immature so I told her to get out of my fort.
If the early bird catches the worm, I'll sleep in until there are pancakes.
A witch's vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom.
I'm starting a new dating service in Prague called "Czech-Mate."
I sold our vacuum cleaner; it was just gathering dust.
It hurts me to say this, but I have a sore throat.
I don't trust stairs because they're always up to something.
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
If two vegans get in a fight, is it still considered a beef?
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
I know a lot of jokes about retired people but none of them work.
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport, I'm just doing it for kicks.
I invented a new word today: plagiarism.
If an English teacher is convicted of a crime and doesn't complete the sentence, is that a fragment?
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness?
My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo so I had to put my foot down.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet but that's just nuts.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Why do Dads take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing? In case they get a hole-in-one.
Why couldn't the astronaut land on the moon? Because it was full.
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys.
What kind of music did the pilgrims listen to? Plymouth rock.
What do you call a shoe made of a banana? A slipper.
What is the tallest building in the world? The library—it's got the most stories.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick-or-treating? Because they have no body to go with.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
Air used to be free at the gas station, now it's $1.50. You know why? Inflation.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He Neverlands.
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers.
What do Santa's elves listen to as they work? Wrap music.
Did you hear about the bacon cheeseburger who couldn't stop telling jokes? It was on a roll.
Why was the coach yelling at a vending machine? He wanted his quarter back.
Why do vampires seem sick? They're always coffin.
What do you call it when Dwayne Johnson buys a cutting tool? Rock pay-for scissors.
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said, "Never mind."
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? "I'll be suing ya."
What did one wall say to the other wall? "I'll meet you at the corner."
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
Why couldn't the green pepper practice archery? Because it didn't habanero.
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs.
A guy walked into a bar and saw a horse serving drinks. The horse asks, "What are you staring at? Haven't you ever seen a horse tending bar before?" The guy says, "It's not that. I just never thought the parrot would sell the place."
Wanna hear a joke about construction? Well, you'll have to wait—I'm still working on it.
A guy goes to his doctor because he can see into the future. The doctor asks him, "How long have you suffered from that condition?" The guy tells him, "Since next Monday."
What rock group has four men that don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
Why is it a bad idea to iron your four-leaf clover? Cause you shouldn't press your luck.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast.
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What happens when you go to the bathroom in France? European.
What's the difference between a poorly-dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
Last night I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere.
I was really angry at my friend Mark for stealing my dictionary. I told him, "Mark, my words."
How does Moses make his coffee? Hebrews it.
What's ET short for? Because he's only got tiny legs.
Student: "Can I go to the bathroom?" Teacher: "It's 'may.'" Student: "No, it's January."
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes.
Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? "Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket."
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets.
My dog used to chase people on a scooter a lot. It got so bad we had to take his scooter away.
Within minutes, the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named the worst employee at the toy factory.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word.
My friend says to me, "What rhymes with orange?"And I told him, "No it doesn't."
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines.
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
A slice of apple pie is $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas. These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forest1.
What is the least spoken language in the world? Sign language.
Justice is a dish best-served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater.
My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. "That's my stepladder," he said. "I never knew my real ladder."
Did you hear about the ATM that got addicted to money? It suffered from withdrawals.
I'm reading a horror story in Braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it.
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weak days.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
Not to brag, but I defeated our local chess champion in less than five moves. Finally, my high school karate lessons paid off.
So a vowel saves another vowel's life. The other vowel says, "Aye E. I owe you."
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They're his watch dogs.
I would avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy.
Five out of four people admit they're bad with fractions.
When the grocery store clerk asks me if I want the milk in a bag, I always tell him, "No, I'd rather drink it out of the carton."
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this.
After dinner, my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it.
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. The judge asks her, "First offender?" She says, "No, first a Gibson. Then a Fender."
I accidentally dropped my pillow on the floor. I think it has a concushion.
Someone complimented my parking today. They left a sweet note on my windshield that said "parking fine."
St. Francis worked at Krispy Kreme. He was a deep friar.
Can February march? No, but April may.
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That's the punch line.
In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart.
Some people can't distinguish between etymology and entomology. They bug me in ways I can't put into words.
My hotel tried to charge me $10 extra for air conditioning. That wasn't cool.
Why do nurses like red crayons? Because sometimes they have to draw blood.
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique weapons collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
Which U.S. state is famous for its extra-small soft drinks? Minnesota.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? They just seem a little shady.
What did the policeman say to his belly button? "You're under a vest."
I've been bored recently so I've decided to take up fencing. The neighbors said they will call the police unless I put it back.
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems.
I don't go to funerals that start before noon. I guess I'm just not a mourning person.
One of my favorite memories as a kid was when my brothers used to put me inside a tire and roll me down a hill. They were Goodyears.
I'm addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help.
What does the cell say to his sister when she steps on his toe? "Oh my toe, sis."
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I'll only tell it to my kids.
What do scholars eat when they're hungry? Academia nuts.
What do you call an ant that has been shunned by his community? A socially dissed ant.
A Vicks VapoRub truck overturned on the highway this morning. Amazingly, there was no congestion for eight hours.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
